well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so uh tonight we're going to talk about
the coolest job
possibly the coolest job in the world
definitely the coolest job in the
security industry
we're going to talk about the winds of
change here in the south
and we're going to thank donald j trump
president of the united states i'm not
joking
okay so for me the coolest job in the
world
is being opt for now what that means
is large companies or facilities or
individuals that have large security
staffs at times they will hire
individuals
who are outside of their normal security
staff to come in
and provide a stress test to try to
disrupt their security ecosystem
so they can figure out what's wrong
and to be very clear about what i'm
talking about here when i say disrupt
i mean break it i mean flat out break it
if this is your profession if this is
something you do you can get hired
to break into facilities hired to take
trucks documents snatch people all
depending on who your client is
it provides an amazing tool
for the permanent security staff now
most times they really don't like it
when it's happening because it's
embarrassing
it exposes all of their flaws but if you
have good people
they want to change it they want to fix
it
with that in mind i would like to thank
the president of the united states
for playing that role for the u.s
for being op4 for being opposition force
to the united states because his
rhetoric
brought it all to the surface
highlighted every flaw
and uh it gave us a starting point it
showed us
where we needed to put in some serious
work
and the cool part is that we found out
we have good people
because most americans want the problems
addressed
they want them fixed
it's it's amazing at the end of the day
donald j
trump may actually end up making the
country more progressive
than anybody who ever actually set out
to do it
um it's it's
it's cool so thank you mr president
now with that in mind i would like to
read
a message from the mississippi
historical society
the mississippi historical society
enthusiastically and unequivocally
supports
changing the state flag
our position comes out of acknowledgment
that the inclusion of confederate
imagery
on the flag in 1894 did not represent
all mississippians the persistent use of
confederate imagery
to signify opposition to civil rights
and racial equality throughout the 20th
century
further underscores our position
we support retiring the current flag as
a historical artifact
and selecting a new one that will unify
and not divide so much for destroying
history right
now the really cool part about this is
that the state legislatures
already acted on it house and senate
in mississippi they already voted
they're getting rid
of the confederate imagery in the state
flag governor said it's going to be
signed
that's if you don't know anything about
the south and don't know the differences
between the states here just understand
this is huge
it does not get more old south than
mississippi
i would imagine this is going to start a
trend
now if you are one of those clinging to
the past
i have an additional piece of
information for you
this was mainly pushed
by republicans in mississippi
conservatives in mississippi
are ready for a change
that shows you how out of date you are
conservatives
in mississippi are done with it
it's time to let this go
people have talked about the south
rising again
this is it this is it's happening this
is how it's going to go down i know
this isn't what most people meant when
they said that
but this is the south rising again
raising its standards its levels of
inclusion
its desire to move forward
this is the south rising again
it doesn't get
any more uh poignant
than mississippi deciding it's time to
make the change
if you're still holding on
you are way behind the times and this
isn't really a slap at mississippi
not in general i know there are people
who have been ready for this for a long
long time there but the establishment
in mississippi has pushed against it
the fact that that has changed is
amazing
it is amazing um it's something i
honestly
think i'd see in my lifetime to be
completely honest
um anyway
i know to those outside of the south
this may not seem like a big deal it
seems like it should be a given
to get rid of it right it's not it
wasn't this is huge
this is huge and the fact that it was
pushed by republicans
that just makes it even bigger um
and at the end of the day we have donald
trump to thank for this
he's the one that highlighted it he's
the one who brought everybody out
brought him out of the woodwork made him
think it was okay to behave in this
manner
and then normal people good people were
like no
no no no no we honestly thought we left
all that behind or we were at least
never going to talk about it again
if you're going to talk about it we got
to fix it
so i want to thank donald trump for
providing that stress test
and i would like to thank conservatives
in mississippi
since i never thought i'd say
for starting to fix the door
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night